---
author: sookim-1
description: HTML text processing, Atributika library, App Hangs, NSTimer asynchronous task handling, Xcode Discard recovery
date: 2024-03-25 16:00
tags: iOS, Swift, HTML, Atributika, Sentry, NSAttributedString, Timer
published: true
---
# Number: 012, Date: 2024-03-25

## 2024.03.18 ~ 2024.03.24
### 📱 Displaying HTML Text (+ Atributika Library)
---

When a mobile app is deployed, any necessary modifications require a review request, and deployment can only proceed after the review is complete. To avoid multiple deployments due to frequently changing text, the server can deliver this text instead.

If you also want to include the style of the text delivered from the server, using HTML text can be convenient. 

A simple implementation approach is to convert the HTML text to data, decode it, and return it in the NSAttributedString format to display in a UILabel or UITextView.

However, when using `<ul>` and `<li>` tags to display an unordered list, there is an issue where bullet points are created on lines with `<br>` tags. 
Since Apple does not provide principles on how decoding works by default, a workaround is to use a library called Atributika to resolve this issue. 
By using Atributika to convert `<li>` tags into bullet point characters and then applying styles, bullet points can be created as desired.

There isn't much written about the Atributika library, so I created a post about it on my Tistory blog.

- [Atributika Library (HTML to NSAttributedString)](https://sookim-1.tistory.com/2)

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes
---

1. The AppHanging issue in Sentry starts the AppHangTracker provided by Sentry on the WatchDog thread, which periodically checks if the main thread executes tasks within a time limit. If it does not respond for more than 2 seconds, an AppHanging event is generated. The Sentry documentation mentions that there are various exceptional situations. This option can be disabled.
    - [Apple - **Understanding hangs in your app**](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/understanding-hangs-in-your-app)
    - [Sentry - App Hangs](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/configuration/app-hangs/)
   
2. When you discard changes in Xcode, I found a method to recover them using Mac's TextEdit.

3. In the case of asynchronous tasks executed by NSTimer, even if the NSTimer is terminated, the asynchronous tasks continue independently. Therefore, I found a way to ensure that if the NSTimer is nil when the asynchronous task is completed, no further processing is done.

