---
author: sookim-1
description: Completion of Phase 1 of Side Project, Separation of Sentry Environments
date: 2024-05-08 14:00
tags: iOS, Swift, Sentry, UISearchController, Stretchable Header, UIPickerView, Core Data, tree, SkeletonView
published: true
---
# Number: 018, Date: 2024-05-08

## 2024.05.02 ~ 2024.05.07
### 🚨 Side Project (DukhuGam)
---

The name of the side project is DukhuGam, a service for searching animations and saving information about which episodes have been watched - [Geek_Report](https://github.com/sookim-1/Geek_Report).

Last week, I completed the overall functionality of this side project.

**Detailed Screen for Each Animation**

- I used the tool UIZard, which generates designs based on prompts, as a reference for the design and implemented it using a Stretchable Header.
- The method for selecting episodes was implemented using a UIPickerView, allowing users to choose from a limited list.

**Search Screen**

- The UISearchController was utilized to call the API whenever a search is performed.
- Since the design of the existing home screen used UICompositionalLayout, the design for the search results was implemented in the same way.

**My List Screen**

- For saving and loading data, I used Core Data. The reason for choosing Core Data is that I plan to use Firebase Store when introducing an account service in the future, but before that, Realm, Core Data, and SwiftData were candidates. I opted for Core Data first to compare it with SwiftData, which addresses many shortcomings of Core Data.
- The design for this screen was also implemented using UICompositionalLayout.

Now, I need to refactor error handling and architecture patterns.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes
---

1. The [Sentry environment](https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/apple/guides/ios/configuration/environments/) can be configured based on build options. The default is production, and based on the build option, the Debug mode is set to debug and the Release mode is set to release, allowing for conditional processing.
2. I attempted to add the SkeletonView library to the side project, but since I had not used it with DiffableDataSource before, I reviewed it and found it did not apply, so I need to study it further.
3. I discovered a new package called tree, which displays the directory structure in a tree format.

