---
author: sookim-1
description: Side Project Improvement, Services Helpful for Development, FCM HTTP v1 Migration
date: 2024-06-24 16:00
tags: iOS, Swift, Firebase, Firebase Messaging, Blog, AI
published: true
---
# Number: 025, Date: 2024-06-24
## 2024.06.17 ~ 2024.06.23
### 🚀 Side Project Improvement (Dukhu-Gam)
---

The name of my side project is Dukhu-Gam, which is a service that saves the episodes of animations I have watched. You can check it out here: [Geek_Report](https://github.com/sookim-1/Geek_Report).

- I created a `CustomLogger` that allows checking the stages of logs along with the file name and line number.
- I developed a `CustomLoader` to indicate loading status.
- I improved the logic for saving data using Core Data.
    - Updated the logic to modify data when saving duplicate entries.
    - Fixed app crash issues.
- Clean Architecture + MVVM
    - Applied the pattern throughout the entire project by addressing some parts that were not previously implemented.
- Changed the order of API calls.
    - Since the Jikan API allows only 3 requests per second, I modified the sequence to enable all requests.
    - Added defensive logic for failures.
- Changed the app icon.
    - Created the icon using DALL-E.

### ⚙️ Services Helpful for Development
---

I subscribed to ChatGPT Plus. Although it was expensive, I can now use the GPT-4 model, and I also have access to custom GPTs and DALL-E for image generation. I searched for custom GPTs and created the app icon for my side project using a dedicated icon generator, which I was very satisfied with. Custom GPTs allow you to search for models created by others or build your own.

While browsing Medium, I noticed some articles that grant reading access only to paid users. They are currently offering a 20% discount as a promotion, so I subscribed for a year. There are many high-quality articles, so I should check back often.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes
---

1. The FCM service discontinued its legacy (XMPP, HTTP) communication APIs as of June 20, 2024, and I performed a migration to support the new HTTP v1 API, assessing its impact afterward.

