---
author: sookim-1
description: Utilizing Fastlane Plugin Badge, Xcode Device Recognition Error, JD Summary, Flex Layout & Pin Layout Libraries, Main Logic Service ViewModel, Tips for Using Deep Links
date: 2024-07-02 17:18
tags: iOS, Swift, Blog, Fastlane, Xcode, TestFlight, MVVM, Flex Layout, Pin Layout, DeepLink
published: true
---
# Number: 026, Date: 2024-07-02
## 2024.06.24 ~ 2024.07.01
### 🚀 Fastlane Plugin - Badge Addition
---

When uploading to TestFlight, I was thinking of ways to easily distinguish between Build Configurations, and I thought it would be convenient to write notes in the test memo section for distinction. Although values can be provided to the changelog via the `upload_to_testflight` action, the memo is only written after the app has been uploaded to App Store Connect, which means I couldn't use `skip_waiting_for_build_processing`.

As an alternative, I found a method to display a badge on the app icon to differentiate builds, and I used the Fastlane plugin to implement this, making it easier to distinguish between versions.

For more details on the implementation, check out the blog post: [Displaying App Icon Badge Using Fastlane Plugin](https://sookim-1.tistory.com/entry/iOS-Fastlane-Plugin%EC%9D%84-%ED%99%9C%EC%9A%A9%ED%95%98%EC%97%AC-%EC%95%B1%EC%95%84%EC%9D%B4%EC%BD%98-Badge-%ED%91%9C%EC%8B%9C).

### 🚨 Xcode Device Recognition Error
---

While connecting my device to Xcode, I encountered an issue where the device, which had been recognized fine before, suddenly stopped being recognized.

I looked for solutions:

1. Go to Settings → General → Transfer or Reset iPhone → Reset → Reset Location & Privacy.
2. Reboot Xcode or the device.
3. Disconnect and reconnect the USB cable.
4. Go to Settings → Developer → Clear Trusted Computers.
5. In Terminal, run `sudo pkill usbmuxd` or `sudo launchctl stop com.apple.usbmuxd`.

I tried all these methods, but it turned out the problem was with the USB cable itself. Since the cable worked fine with an iPhone 14 Pro, I didn't suspect it at first, but the issue only occurred with my iPhone XS Max. From now on, I’ll make sure to try different USB cables as the problem may vary by device.

→ Conclusion: Xcode may fail to recognize the device due to a faulty USB cable.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes
---

1. I learned about the term JD (Job Description) and plan to organize my understanding of it.
2. I’ve been noticing Flex Layout and Pin Layout more frequently recently, and since they are said to outperform Auto Layout, I’ll need to explore them further.
3. When implementing a OneLink or deep link, if a screen transition needs to happen from a deep level in the view hierarchy, switching the window seems to result in faster and smoother transitions and animations.
