---
author: sookim-1
description: Experience with Cursor.AI Editor, Managing GitHub Starred Repositories, Modular Architecture, iOS Developer Interviews, Loom, Documentation Tips
date: 2024-11-11 13:00
tags: iOS, Swift, IDE, Asynchronous, Modular Architecture, iOS Developer Interview, Domain, GitHub
published: true
---
# Number : 044, Date: 2024-11-11
## 2024.11.04 ~ 2024.11.10
### 🤖 Cursor.ai

---

[Cursor.ai](https://www.cursor.com/) is an IDE (a fork of VSCode) that integrates AI functionalities.

It’s been mentioned frequently around me, so I decided to try it out for iOS development by installing relevant extensions. Compared to ChatGPT, Cursor.ai enables questions based on a full understanding of the code context, making autocomplete and other features highly convenient.

| Extensions

1. Brew extension (xcode-build-server)
2. Brew extension (xcbeautify)
3. Brew extension (swiftformat)
4. VS Code extension (Swift)
5. VS Code extension (sweetoad)

Among iOS frameworks, Cursor.ai works particularly well with SwiftUI, making it especially useful for implementing new screens rather than modifying existing code.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes
---

1. I organized my GitHub starred repositories using the list management feature for stars.
2. I examined whether there is a time difference between using async/await and the completionHandler method for asynchronous tasks.
3. Lately, I’ve noticed Modular Architecture is a very popular topic in company tech blogs.
4. Observing iOS developer interviews gave me insight into the types of tasks other iOS developers handle at their companies.
5. It seems beneficial for teams to collaboratively decide on how to separate business and domain logic.
6. I tried out Loom’s new feature for uploading videos to Confluence, which seems convenient for managing file sizes.
7. Discussing before drafting documentation can help reduce potential time waste.
