---
author: sookim-1
description: Response to rejection related to permissions, setup of iOS automatic deployment, blog creation
date: 2024-02-05 15:00
tags: iOS, Swift, Appstore Reject, permissions, Slack, Flask, Bitbucket Pipeline, Fastlane, TestFlight, Blog
published: true
---
# Number: 001, Date: 2024-02-05

## 2024.01.29 ~ 2024.02.04
### 🫠 Rejection Related to Permissions
---

The reason for rejection was Guideline 5.1.1 - Legal - Privacy - Data Collection and Storage, specifically stating that the explanation for camera and photo permissions was insufficient.

It is said that when the explanation regarding permissions is modified during review, a rejection may occur if the description is not detailed enough.

Therefore, to address this, we standardized the wording on the permissions guidance page displayed during the initial app installation and made the request messages in Info.plist detailed about their purpose, allowing us to pass the review.

This rejection can be resolved by clearly stating the purpose. For instance, clarifying where permissions will be used as shown below:
- Camera: Camera access is needed to take a profile picture.
- Photo: Photo library access is needed to set a profile picture.

### 🛫 Slack + Flask + Bitbucket Pipeline + Fastlane
---

I found a way to deploy to TestFlight using Slack commands, so I tried implementing it.

I proceeded with the work in a new project because if I continued in the existing project, it seemed difficult to manage versions on TestFlight with the continuous addition of test versions.

The task involved entering a Slack Slash command, which triggers a Bitbucket Pipeline from a Flask app, and then executing Fastlane commands in the Pipeline to deploy to TestFlight.

After completing everything, if we decide to implement this, we need a self-hosted runner to build the Bitbucket Pipeline, so we would need to consider remote hosting. However, using GitHub Actions could potentially resolve this issue.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Matters
---
 
I analyzed the pros and cons of Tistory, Velog, and GitHub blogs. Since I found the category management in Velog inconvenient, I decided to transfer all development-related posts to my Tistory blog and write my retrospectives on the GitHub blog.

Related links:
- [sookim's Tistory Blog](https://sookim-1.tistory.com/)
- [sookim's Velog](https://velog.io/@sookim-1/posts)
- [sookim's GitHub Blog](https://sookim-1.github.io/)

Last week, I worked on issues related to addresses and new tasks.
