---
author: sookim-1
description: Firestore DB structure design, Sentry upgrade, Bitbucket HTTPS authentication, git credential helper
date: 2024-02-27 14:00
tags: iOS, Swift, Sentry, Firebase, Bitbucket HTTPS, Git credential helper
published: true
---
# Number: 004, Date: 2024-02-27

## 2024.02.19 ~ 2024.02.26
### 🔥 Firestore DB Structure Design
---
If you plan to store data using Firestore, you need to design the DB structure for how to store that data. 

Considering scalability allows you to avoid having to change all stored data when additions are made later. During the design process, refer to the data formats available in the Firestore documentation. 

One interesting data format is the reference type, which allows referencing a specific document, making data changes more convenient.

### 🛫 Sentry
---

I reviewed the official Sentry documentation.

The [Cocoa Sentry](https://sentry.io/for/cocoa/) documentation revealed that it supports not only iOS but also macOS, watchOS, visionOS, and tvOS. In addition to viewing crash logs, you can also monitor performance, configure the display of HTTP status codes, and track whether the app can receive user events using Apple's own WatchDog.

If the goal is to check crash logs and resolve crashes, it may be advisable to exclude other options (like HTTP termination status and WatchDog termination status) and send additional data during crashes (such as project code, screenshots, and view hierarchy attachments).

### 🗺️ Bitbucket HTTPS Authentication
---

When accessing a private repository on Bitbucket via HTTPS, the authentication method is done through App Passwords.

When issuing an App Password, you can specify the scope of permissions, so it was essential to consider this scope from the outset. Therefore, I reissued the App Password set in the Mac Runner and modified all relevant parts in the Mac Runner.

By using git credential-helper, I was able to authenticate using the stored App Password from the Mac's keychain, completing the setup for the authentication portion.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Matters
---

1. Improving app stability can be achieved by fixing issues such as multiple screen transitions occurring from rapid double-clicking after an API call or when UI components change within a single screen and are not smooth.

