---
author: sookim-1
description: Issues related to CollectionView Compositional Layout, UI issues, Bitbucket STALE tags
date: 2024-03-18 17:00
tags: iOS, Swift, TagList, CollectionView
published: true
---
# Number: 011, Date: 2024-03-18

## 2024.03.11 ~ 2024.03.17
### 📱 CollectionView Compositional Layout
---

Situations that arise when using Compositional Layout:

1. Cell Touch
   - When a cell is touched and you want to change the UI, inheriting `isSelected` to modify the UI when the value changes can make it difficult to implement detailed custom actions. Therefore, you might consider using conditions or flags in the `cellForRowAt` method to set the UI for selected and unselected cells.

2. Cell Highlight
   - There are cases when a cell should not be highlighted when touched. While you can set `selectionStyle` to none for UITableViewCell, UICollectionViewCell does not support this. Thus, I modified the `shouldHighlightItemAt` method to ensure that the specific cell is not highlighted. However, returning `false` in this method causes the cell to not be touchable, so I need to consider other solutions.

3. Hiding Section Headers and Footers and Modifying Section Heights
   - For example, if you want to modify or hide the height of the section's header and footer when a cell is touched, reloading the collection view resets the collectionViewLayout. If you want to hide the section footer, you can inject only the section header into `section.boundarySupplementaryItems`, or if you want to change the footer height, you can adjust the height of the footer. → **In other words, when reloading, the layout needs to be reset.**

4. Text Truncation Issue in Tag List UI
   - When implementing the tag list UI using Compositional Layout, reloading causes the cell width to be estimated, leading to a text truncation issue in the label. I attempted to resolve this by adding arbitrary text in `prepareForReuse` or trying to reset the layout, but it did not work. I looked into the estimation calculation method, but it seems Apple does not provide specific details on how the width is calculated. I need to investigate the exact cause of this issue in more detail later.

### 🚀 UI Related Issues
---

- When writing constraints based on safeArea while using SnapKit, `updateConstraints` cannot be used.
- After calculating the height of the table view section footer using `systemLayoutSizeFitting`, aligning the internal stack view to the bottom of the superview causes the stack view to be truncated.
    - I need to further investigate the principles behind calculating the table view section footer height using `systemLayoutSizeFitting`.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes
---

1. The STALE tag appeared in the Bitbucket Pull Request list, indicating that the PR has been open longer than usual or has not been updated recently.
