---
author: sookim-1
description: Naver Map moveCamera Closure, Performance and Work Plan Summary, LinkedIn Post Creation, Gemini Advanced Experience, Slack Workspace Account Deactivation
date: 2024-06-03 18:00
tags: iOS, Swift, NaverMap, Retrospective, AI, Slack, LinkedIn
published: true
---
# Number: 018, Date: 2024-06-03

## 2024.05.27 ~ 2024.06.02
### ✅ Memory Leak Handling

---

Memory leaks can cause various issues. When using the Naver Map iOS SDK, if weak references are not handled when using the completion in the `moveCamera` method, it can lead to memory leaks. Since the `moveCamera` method is frequently used, I need to be aware of this while developing.

### 🌈 Retrospective and Work Plan Document Creation

---

Following last week, I organized my retrospective.

This time marks my two years of experience, so I summarized my achievements at the company by reviewing Confluence documents, Jira tickets, and Bitbucket commits, comparing them to last year. Last year, my primary focus was on laying the groundwork for projects, whereas this year has seen a shift towards actual work.

When I first joined, I had limited experience with Interface Builder, so it was beneficial to enhance my skills in that area. Transitioning to a Code-Based UI also provided valuable insights into its advantages and disadvantages.

After summarizing my achievements, I also organized my future work plans.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes

---

1. I wrote my first post on LinkedIn, and it seems the increase in visibility compared to my previous profile exposure was significant.
2. I experienced Gemini Advanced after its release, and it felt faster. While there are many comparisons to GPT-4, the feedback suggests differences rather than one being definitively superior, so it seems worth trying.
3. I organized my Slack workspace, but it seems that while accounts can be deactivated if the workspace is not self-created, I cannot fully leave it.

