---
author: sookim-1
description: Github Blog Workflow Issue Fix, becomeFirstResponder Usage Precautions, Git Credential Helper, Firebase Crashlytics Customization, Firebase TestLab, Swift Package Review, New Versions of iOS Development Tools
date: 2024-07-15 15:20
tags: iOS, Swift, Firebase Crashlytics, Firebase TestLab, Git credential helper, Github, Blog, Github Action, Swift Package, SPM, ViewController LifeCycle, becomeFirstResponder
published: true
---
# Number: 028, Date: 2024-07-15
## 2024.07.09 ~ 2024.07.14
### 🚨 Github Blog Workflow Fix

---

There was an error with the GitHub workflow related to deploying posts to this 🔗[**Github Blog Repository**](https://github.com/sookim-1/blog-website).

This repository has two workflows for deployment:

1. `ci.yml`: A workflow that checks if the build and make commands execute properly.
2. `deploy.yml`: A workflow that overwrites the output to the 🔗[**sookim-1.github.io repository**](https://github.com/sookim-1/sookim-1.github.io).

I modified the workflows to fix the error.

First, there was a version mismatch between the Ubuntu version running the workflow and the node version, so I upgraded Ubuntu to 20.04 and matched the Swift version accordingly. I also set Swift as the image.

Second, there was an issue where the `GoogleSearchConsole`, `Naver Webmaster Tools` HTML files, and `robots.txt` were being overwritten in the deployed 🔗[**sookim-1.github.io repository**](https://github.com/sookim-1/sookim-1.github.io). I resolved this by moving the files to the 🔗[**Github Blog Repository**](https://github.com/sookim-1/blog-website) and ensuring they were added to the output folder.

Lastly, I consolidated many redundant steps. Since `ci.yml` and `deploy.yml` execute consecutively, I combined them into a single `build-and-deploy.yml` workflow.

### ⌨️ becomeFirstResponder

---

I used `becomeFirstResponder` in `viewWillAppear` to focus on a `UITextField` when entering the screen, but this caused stuttering because `viewWillAppear` is called before the view is fully loaded.

Calling `becomeFirstResponder` in `viewDidAppear` solved the stuttering issue since it’s invoked after the view is fully displayed, but it felt a bit slow.

By disabling the animation in the `pushViewController` method of `UINavigationController` during screen transitions, I was able to prevent the stuttering. To mimic the feel of an animated transition without stuttering, I implemented custom animations for transitions.

```swift
extension UINavigationController {
    func pushViewControllerCustomAnimation(_ vc: UIViewController) {
        let transition = CATransition()
        transition.duration = 0.3
        transition.type = CATransitionType.push
        transition.subtype = CATransitionSubtype.fromRight
        transition.timingFunction = CAMediaTimingFunction(name: CAMediaTimingFunctionName.easeInEaseOut)
        
        view.layer.add(transition, forKey: kCATransition)
        pushViewController(vc, animated: false)
    }

    func popViewControllerCustomAnimation(completion: @escaping () -> Void) {
        let transition = CATransition()
        transition.duration = 0.3
        transition.type = CATransitionType.push
        transition.subtype = CATransitionSubtype.fromLeft
        transition.timingFunction = CAMediaTimingFunction(name: CAMediaTimingFunctionName.easeInEaseOut)

        view.layer.add(transition, forKey: kCATransition)
        popViewController(animated: false, completion: completion)
    }
}


### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes

---

1. I added `[credential] helper = osxkeychain` to the `.gitconfig` file to prevent the `git credential osxkeychain` pop-up from appearing every time I accessed it.
   `$ git config --global credential.helper osxkeychain`
2. I researched and tested Firebase Crashlytics customization and Firebase TestLab products.
3. I reviewed the concepts of Swift Package and SPM and documented how to create projects with them. I plan to add more on the structure later.
4. I briefly reviewed the main changes in Xcode 16, Swift 6, SF Symbols 6, and macOS Sequoia. I’m considering upgrading immediately once the final versions are released.
5. I organized the access accounts for App Store Connect.
