---
author: sookim-1  
description: Real-time communication with SocketCluster, exploring FlexLayout, and an introduction to cPanel  
date: 2024-10-28 19:01  
tags: iOS, Swift, Socket, Blog, WebHosting, FlexLayout, Postman  
published: true  
---

# Number: 038, Created Date: 2024-10-28  
## 2024.10.21 ~ 2024.10.27
### 🌎 Socket Cluster  

---

Frequent issues with socket communication were observed on Crashlytics, prompting an investigation.  

My prior knowledge suggested that when using `socket.io` or `SocketCluster` on both the server and client, the same service must be utilized on both ends for all functionalities to work smoothly.  

I had continued using the SocketCluster library, despite its outdated updates, due to its familiar interface. However, given its stability issues, I analyzed this library further.  

If there is a ping timeout on the server, a ping should be sent to maintain the connection, but this library did not support it. I modified it to send pings, preventing disconnections.  

In the future, after refining my understanding of socket concepts, I plan to build a stable library using first-party components only.  

I’ve posted an analysis and explanation of this library on my Medium blog:  

- [WebSocket Communication in iOS: Usage and Analysis of socketcluster-client-swift](https://medium.com/@sookim-1/ios%EC%97%90%EC%84%9C%EC%9D%98-%EC%9B%B9%EC%86%8C%EC%BC%93-%ED%86%B5%EC%8B%A0-socketcluster-client-swift-%EC%82%AC%EC%9A%A9%EB%B2%95%EA%B3%BC-%EB%B6%84%EC%84%9D-1823b58babc5)

Additionally, I explored how to test WebSockets using Postman.  

After adding the WebSocket template, enter the URL and establish the connection. Then, you can send the desired message, beginning with a Handshake message.

### 🌈 FlexLayout & PinLayout  

---

The Flexbox concept, usable with CSS and React Native, can also be utilized in iOS via the FlexLayout library.  

This library outperforms UIStackView in terms of performance.  

Learning about the Flexbox concept can be beneficial, as it’s a popular choice for iOS development, and continued study would be advantageous.

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Information  

---

1. I recently learned about cPanel, a web hosting service that facilitates website and domain management along with various other tasks.  
