---
author: sookim-1
description: Weekly Retrospective Blog Update, 2024 Development Team Retrospective, Learning Flutter Concepts
date: 2025-01-06 13:52
tags: iOS, Swift, Blog, Retrospective, Dart, Flutter
published: true
---
# Number: 001, Date: 2025-01-06
## 2025.01.01 ~ 2025.01.05
### 👷 Weekly Retrospective Blog Update

---

To better organize [Weekly Retrospective Blog](https://sookim-1.github.io/), a platform where I record my weekly learnings and experiences, I revised the top navigation bar to divide retrospectives by year as we moved into 2025.

With the addition of yearly menus, I felt an introduction page would be helpful, so I updated the homepage as well.

Currently, I’m not entirely satisfied with the blog’s UI/UX, so I plan to continue refining and improving it.

### 🤔 2024 Development Team Retrospective

---

Our team held a retrospective to review how we collaborated in 2024, discussing both areas for improvement and positive experiences.

I prepared a brief agenda for the retrospective, referring to various software development methodologies and their approaches to retrospectives.

Key takeaways from the session include gaining insights into team members’ perspectives on our collaboration methods and the decision to introduce technical seminars as a new initiative this year.

It was productive to identify areas for improvement and reach conclusions about new initiatives, which reinforced the value of retrospectives.

### 🌈 Beginning Flutter Learning

---

After learning Dart, I started with Flutter. Since Flutter supports cross-platform development, I had to install both Android Studio and Xcode. While I am very familiar with Xcode, setting up Android Studio was straightforward but somewhat new to me.

As an iOS developer, my impression of Flutter is that its approach to views and widgets feels quite similar to SwiftUI. For example, HStack corresponds to Row, and VStack to Column. Dart also has similarities to Swift, making it feel somewhat familiar.

In Flutter, what’s referred to as a "widget" can be understood as a "view" in iOS development, which helped me get comfortable with the framework.

My plan for continued Flutter learning includes exploring various widgets and their usage, understanding architectural patterns, and comparing these with SwiftUI to enhance my development skills.
