---
author: sookim-1
description: Facebook Limited Login, Inflearn Knowledge Sharing Challenge 1st Batch, Confusing SwiftUI Modifiers for Borders
date: 2025-05-19 13:47
tags: iOS, Swift, Facebook, Inflearn Challenge, SwiftUI
published: true
---
# Number: 018, Date: 2025-05-19
## 2025.05.05 ~ 2025.05.18
### 👨‍🎓 Inflearn Knowledge Sharing Challenge - Session 4

---

On Inflearn, course creators are called "knowledge sharers." Creating a course is referred to as "sharing knowledge," and the 1st batch of the Knowledge Sharing Challenge has begun to support new creators. I joined the challenge with the goal of producing an introductory iOS development course.

- [Challenge Overview Link](https://www.inflearn.com/course/offline/%EC%9D%B8%ED%94%84%EB%9F%B0-%EC%A7%80%EC%8B%9D%EA%B3%B5%EC%9C%A0-%EC%B1%8C%EB%A6%B0%EC%A7%80-1%EA%B8%B0?srsltid=AfmBOoq6-MKgLli_n34B5TnLgtqeoGRwitZ87hjsd9sTjTrB9b4aahhc%3E)

The 4th session was the final offline meeting, where we shared tips on creating course detail pages and thumbnails.

Since all the videos were uploaded, we discussed each other's courses, gave feedback, and shared our experiences during the course creation process.

Thanks to the challenge, I was able to complete the course smoothly.

### 📱 Facebook Login - Limited Login

---

On May 14, 2025, I received an email informing me that Facebook's Graph API v16 would be deprecated, and they recommended migrating to v17 or later.

While reviewing version 17 of the Facebook iOS SDK, I noticed that it includes the "Limited Login" feature.

Limited Login refers to a more restricted way of logging in, where Facebook shares limited data and uses different authentication methods and endpoints.

If the app tracking permission is denied on a user's device, login will default to Limited Login.

**Reference Links**

- [Limited Login](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/facebook-login/limited-login)  
- [Phillip - Facebook iOS SDK Limited Login](https://phillip5094.tistory.com/255#google_vignette)

### 🙋🏻‍♂️ Other Notes

---

1. I've organized a few confusing modifiers related to borders in SwiftUI:
    a. `background`: Adds content behind the view.  
    b. `overlay`: Adds content on top of the view.  
    c. `border`: Adds a border around the view.  
    d. `shadow`: Adds a shadow to the view.  
    e. `clipShape`: Clips the view to a specified shape.  
